Don’t recognize me anymore. My name is Gu Zhichuan.
Is your good friend.
It's a cloud man. Why are you here?
You just experienced a gang. Injured.
When I found you, you were already unconscious.
I sent you to the hospital. If you can't remember it, stop thinking about it.
Much like resting alive. I went to see his doctor.
You just know that there is no one close to the best.
Maybe for them. Disappear here.
So many days. It doesn’t matter if you can’t remember it.
What if I never remember it in my lifetime.
I will take care of you for the rest of my life. I will take you far away from this matter.
Change your identity and start over. elder brother,